I am so consistent by I mean I just push
it out all day and that's just my
personality so I'm saying I'm being anti
obedient very shy and this is something
that I'm gonna do for at least a year it
was to me that's short-term and to me
it's gonna take me a year to lose all
this
thank you slowly get healthier
understand habits don't define who you
are but they exhibit who you are and
with time not even all that much time
you become the reflected image of your
habits that change is gonna happen now
the fundamental solution for being a
terrible person is not to work on the
optics is not to try to tackle the fact
that people perceive you as unlovable as
a scumbag as garbage as a terrible
person but to work on the fact that you
you actually are a terrible person when
I was living in Philadelphia over the
summer my entire left arm felt like
something was lighting it on fire so
much pressure what diet and exercise can
do for you it's offer a very limited and
very shallow change in your personal
appearance and by contrast changing who
you actually are is profound and
seemingly unlimited so today is actually
date pretty
and I know that's gonna come up surprise
to you
I believe the Gunners on this bad ball
track that's my but I do think in the
short term in my talent I know what I'm
doing when it comes to help this is how
I am freezing my ass off west coast of
Canada walking to the gym why would I do
that to myself why would I put myself
out here on the block my fingers and
toes and nose numb in this cold beneath
this strangely bright white overcast sky
first thing in the morning just to go
and do 200 push-ups on my knuckles on a
rubberized floor at a time of day when
it can be guaranteed there will not even
be one good-looking woman at the
aforementioned gym at a time when the
only people working out there are
basically endurance athlete nerds who
bring their tie to the gym to change
into their office apparel at about 6:45
a.m. and go off to you they're
respectable jobs well I go back to my
apartment with my gorgeous 25-year old
friend to do YouTube why would I do this
to myself this is the fundamental reason
old man some of us are up at 6 a.m.
walking to the gym and some of us are on
YouTube to answer for ourselves on a
whole nother level
people think the difference between
discipline and self-discipline is the
difference between mustard and Dijon
mustard and it's not nothing could be
further from the truth what you've gotta
learn in this life is to laugh at and
sneer and spit on discipline and the
value self discipline and this is
exactly Nick ricotta avocados problem in
life I see you breaking down weeping in
one video after another old man I see
that you've slid down that slippery
slope from being a hardcore vegan going
to Chiang Mai Thailand
just to bask in the reflected glow of
durianrider and freely chase those
YouTube views - sitting around eating
Canadian McDonald's all-you-can-eat
mukbang and then breaking down weeping
wondering why it is that you're fat and
can't lose weight
I just wanna be normal and not believe
the last I'm a doctor or leeches Toby
didn't jump off the roof I'm disgusting
I'm so ugly look at me I [ __ ] have
this double chin that worked so hard try
to lose my weight to get rid of my
double chin given the fact that you
clicked on this video this is a
situation most likely you already know
Nick Accardo avocado is the next vegan
and he's been coming on YouTube he's
been coming on the internet uploading
videos weeping crying for help
saying in effect somebody fix me I'm
broken but why
number one he feels unlovable number two
he actually is unlovable number three he
is aware of points 1 and point 2 but he
is not sure of what to do about it he
knows about the problem he does not yet
know the solution problem is not that
people perceive him as unlovable
whereas in fact he's a really great guy
make no mistake people perceive him as
unlovable because he's a piece of
subhuman garbage and to make matters
worse he's at that dangerous level of
enlightenment ignorance where he knows
enough that he can accurately perceive
himself as subhuman garbage also but
feels powerless he knows not what to do
about this fact the difference between
discipline and self-discipline is the
difference between being the commander
or the general in your own army and
being the lazy piece of [ __ ] that the
army commander has to scream at while
he's doing push-ups that the other
soldiers have to roll out of bed other
people have to pick you up
explain to you why you're motivated
where basically you're like the
psychological equivalent of a leech not
sucking the blood out of other people
but sucking something out of them that
they're probably much more reluctant to
give away than their blood
their own sense of will and direction
other people have exactly what you lack
even in accomplishing the things you do
want to accomplish yourself let alone
those things if you lack the foresight
or vision to realize you ought to want
to accomplish you see this [ __ ]
grocery store isn't even open yet this
doesn't just apply to do and push up to
the gym of course people who lack
self-discipline those are going to be
the people who pay to go to a language
school not to have a teacher explain the
language to them not to have the teacher
provide them with tools they need to
learn the language but precisely for the
school to provide them with deadlines
expectation peer pressure even basically
these are people who lack the ability to
direct and motivate and govern
themselves and spend the whole lives
trying to sell themselves into a kind of
slavery whether that's with a boyfriend
or a girlfriend who hopes into a higher
standard whether that's with a
university professor language teacher
maybe they have a trainer at the gym
maybe they have someone they look up to
who can holding that higher standard but
these are people we're gonna spend the
whole lives looking around outside
themselves for something that the rest
of us are gonna find within it should be
obvious to all of you by now that we are
discussing a problem that cannot be
solved through diet and exercise as much
as I might love to pretend that they'll
solve this problem by selling you a copy
of my ebook for $17.99 so that you also
can learn how to do 200 push-ups a day
on your knuckles by supposedly following
black and white diagrams and getting a
few paragraphs of meaningless pep talk
in bold italic text interspersed with
anecdotes about my unbelievably awesome
life that's actually not the way to go
in this specific scenario
again the fundamental solution for being
a terrible person is not to work on the
optics is not to try to tackle the fact
that people perceive you as unlovable as
a scumbag as garbage as a terrible
person but to work on the fact that you
you actually are a terrible person so
those of you who follow me on Twitter
will notice I said this a couple times
in the last few days what diet and
exercise can do for you
it's offer a very limited and very
shallow change in your personal
appearance and by contrast changing who
you actually are is profound and
seemingly unlimited so in talking about
discipline and self discipline it's much
the same whether we're talking about
something intangible and ethical and
philosophical like veganism or something
entirely tangible like doing 200
push-ups a day it's not the same thing
if you only become vegan because your
boyfriend or your girlfriend already was
vegan and forces you to be vegan against
your will and in accordance with their
will that's their self-discipline that's
them dominating you now there is a
further wrinkle to this because Niki
Caro is currently living under the
delusion that he eats food for a living
that what he's paid to do is come on
camera and he done healthy food like
McDonald's Arby's whatever Taco Bell I
don't know that people pay to watch him
eat food and you're wrong neck your job
what you're paid to do is to come on the
internet and talk about your feelings
you don't do a cooking show man
hopefully nobody really can possibly be
so ignorant that they don't know what a
miserable fat dude eating a McDonald's
hamburger looks like most of us see that
every day it's that's not the show is
man the show ultimately is you in life
also
I'm not going to oversell you on this
concept I'm not gonna say that veganism
is all things to all people or is the
solution to all your problems
but the question of whether or not you
should be vegan become vegan again
ultimately doesn't have to do with the
food doesn't have to do with the animals
doesn't have to do with ecology it
doesn't even have to do with your health
it has to do with you guessed it was
what kind of human being do you want to
be you showing a sense of responsibility
who you are first you want to become
that you don't just want to be a you
don't just want to be a mindless
consumer you want to at the bare minimum
be a mindful consumer that's that's not
a lot to ask Nick that's not that's not
a character test that would be demanding
too much it doesn't really matter
whether you think of this optimistically
or pessimistically but on the level of
practical philosophy the good news is
you can change who you are you can be in
your own eyes a good person rather than
a contemptible piece of garbage but the
way to do that is by changing who you
are but fundamentally becoming a good
person not raising yourself esteem not
making yourself appear to be a good
person in the eyes of others but making
a change that starts with what for some
people is a crushing and demoralizing
realization of just who it is they are
right now just what it is that needs to
be changed just all of the assumptions
and excuses in your life they have to be
discarded and you know some people are
broken by that some people never come
back Nick you're the kind of guy where
um if you weren't vegan I'd have no
reason to even know you exist I would
just have no reason to care and there
are people have known for years who went
from vegan to X vegan you know one that
really struck me recently was American
unicorn if you guys search for American
Unicorn on this channel you can find a
real funny amusing interview to me and
her she's certainly at the opposite
extreme from guy like a good god ho
she's obsessed with weight lifting and
pushing her body to its natural limits
highly disciplined sort of character and
now also a creative artist she also has
a background in baking a lot of common
ground there guess what did she went
back to eating meat it's like why am i
why am i talking you again and it isn't
even the minute it happened
it's the minute I found out it happened
and you know habits don't define who you
are but they exhibit who you are and
with time not even all that much time
you become the reflected image of your
habits and that happens relatively
quickly with the habit of going to the
gym with diet and exercise but it
happens instantaneously with the habits
of the mind
so yeah Nick you can change you can be a
different person you can be a better
person you can be a good person question
we all get asked now is will you da new
Yin